Copy a Tracking Plan into a Library (#4210)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/protocols/faq.md

Yes. [Tracking Plan Libraries](/docs/protocols/tracking-plan/libraries/) makes it easy to create groups of events or properties that can be easily imported into multiple Tracking plans.

### Can I copy a Tracking Plan into a library?

> No. Unfortunately it's not possible yet to automatically transfer events from a Tracking Plan to Libraries. Currently the best option for importing events into a new event library would be directly from a source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. Unfortunately it's not yet possible to automatically transfer events from a Tracking Plan to Libraries. The best option for importing events into a new event library would be to import them directly from a source.
```
